h1. Officegeek

Application for officescholar.com - it hosts tutorials on AWS S3, uses the jwplayer to play the video, stores tutorial files on S3, uses the Ruby worksheet library Roo for automatic grading of Excel files that are also stored on S3.  App is hosted on Heroku.  Paperclip is used for file attachments.

h2. Diagnostics



h2. Ruby on Rails

This application requires:

* Ruby version 1.9.3
* Rails version 3.2.8

Learn more about "Installing Rails":http://railsapps.github.com/installing-rails.html.

h2. Database

This application uses SQLite with ActiveRecord in local development and Postgres for deployment on Heroku.

h2. Development

* Template Engine: ERB
* Front-end Framework: Twitter Bootstrap
* Form Builder: SimpleForm
* Authentication: Devise
* Authorization: CanCan
* Attachments: Paperclip
* Storage: AWS S3
* Testing Framework: RSpec and Factory Girl and Cucumber

h2. Email

The application is configured to send email using APIs from mailchimp and mandrill.  Sorry, you won't have my API keys so you'll need to set that up yourself. :)

h2. Getting Started

Clone me, set up your own api keys for AWS, Mailchimp and Mandrill.

h2. Documentation and Support

This is the only documentation.

h4. Issues

None.

h2. Similar Projects

None.

h2. Contributing

If you make improvements to this application, please share with others.

* Fork the project on GitHub.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Commit with Git.
* Send me a pull request.

h2. Credits

Pat Vihtelic
